Add Page for Data Module (#613)
PennyLaneAI/qml: datasets_qspin.rst

|                               | | 2-D         |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4), (2, 8)     | | Order Parameter - :math:`M_z`     |
+-------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| Fermi Hubbard model           | | 1-D         | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`      |
|                               | | 2-D         |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A             |
+-------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------------+
| Bose Hubbard model            | | 1-D         | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`      |
|                               | | 2-D         |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A             |
+-------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+-------------------------------------+

Data features
-------------

> For each spin system, we can obtain the following characteristics for each of the `100` different system configurations:

Reviewer: still not sure why "100" is italicized

| | Fermi Hubbard model          | | Chain       | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`  |
| | (`FermiHubbard`)             | | Rectangular |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A         |
+--------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| | Bose Hubbard model           | | Chain       | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`  |
| | (`BoseHubbard`)              | | Rectangular |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A         |
+--------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+---------------------------------+

Data features
-------------

For each spin system, we can obtain the following characteristics for each of the `100` different system configurations:

Spin systems data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Information regarding the spin system, including a text description and parameters for each configuration.

.. rst-class:: docstable
    :widths: auto 

>     +----------------------------+--------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Reviewer 2: The tables need header.

    +----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+
    | ``ground_states``          | ``numpy.array``                                                                    | Ground state of each configuration of the spin system                             |
    +----------------------------+------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Phase transition data
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Value of the order parameters that can be used to investigate the phases of the spin systems.

.. rst-class:: docstable
    :widths: auto 

    +----------------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+
    | ``num_phases``             | ``int``         | Number of phases for the considered configurations                |
    +----------------------------+-----------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------+

>     | ``order_parameters``       | ``numpy.array`` | Value of order paramteres for identifying phases                  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    | ``order_parameters``       | ``numpy.array`` | Value of order parameters for identifying phases                  |
```

| | XXZ-Heisenberg model         | | Chain       | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8), (1, 16)    | | Varied Parameter - :math:`J_z`|
| | (`Heisenberg`)               | | Rectangular |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4), (2, 8)     | | Order Parameter - :math:`M_z` |
+--------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| | Fermi Hubbard model          | | Chain       | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`  |
| | (`FermiHubbard`)             | | Rectangular |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A         |
+--------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+---------------------------------+
| | Bose Hubbard model           | | Chain       | Open, Closed     | | (1, 4), (1, 8)             | | Varied Parameter - :math:`U`  |
| | (`BoseHubbard`)              | | Rectangular |                  | | (2, 2), (2, 4)             | | Order Parameter - N/A         |

> +--------------------------------+---------------+------------------+------------------------------+---------------------------------+

Reviewer 3: These tables are really nice :100:

Reviewer 4: They look so good 😍

.. raw:: html

    <style>
        h1 {
            text-align: center;
        }
    </style>

> Quantum many-body Physics Datasets

Reviewer 4: Yep, we tend to use sentence case for titles. I think? best to have a look at other pages :)

===================================

> Another area for exploring practical quantum advantage is quantum many-body physics, which involves exploring quantum spin models that foster similar quantum-correlations-enabled phenomena than molecular Hamiltonians, while also being more straightforward. Therefore, in the our quantum datasets, we include a quantum many-body physics dataset containing data related to some popularly studied spin systems.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Simulating quantum many-body physics with quantum computation is an important area of research with potential for practical quantum advantage. It involves exploring quantum spin models that --- while more straightforward than simulating molecular Hamiltonian --- foster similar quantum-correlations-enabled phenomena.

Here, we provide quantum many-body physics datasets of popularly studied spin systems.
```

Spin Systems
~~~~~~~~~~~~~

.. image:: /_static/datasets/spin.png
    :align: right
    :width: 45%
    :target: javascript:void(0);

Through this dataset, it would be possible to access data for the following spin systems having up to 16 particles:

* Transverse-Field Ising model.
* XXZ Heisenberg model
* Fermi-Hubbard model.
* Bose-Hubbard model.

> We vary a tunable parameter in their Hamiltonian for each spin system to obtain 100 different configurations. For each such configuration, data is being made available for 1-D lattices (linear chain) and 2-D lattices (rectangular grid) with and without the periodic boundary conditions. Additionally, we offer classical shadows for each configuration obtained with a 1000-shot randomized measurement in the Pauli basis.

Reviewer 4: @obliviateandsurrender my comments from the QChem page also apply to this page, including:

- displaying the spin system properties in this section.
- Providing more details about the data features below

Data Features
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> For each spin system, we obtain the following data for `100` different `parameters`.

Reviewer 4: I'm not sure what this sentence means 🤔

> For each spin system, we obtain the following data for `100` different `parameters`.

Author: This means that we are varying one particular term in the system's Hamiltonian to obtain 100 different configurations. For example, in the case of the Transverse-field Ising model, it is the external field.
